[SRVCOM-1831] Serverless functions: update abstracts format (#46660)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-functions-quarkus-return-value-types.adoc

[id="serverless-functions-quarkus-return-value-types_{context}"]
= Permitted types

> The input and output types of a function can be any of the `void`, `String`, `byte[]`, or primitive types and their wrappers (for example, `int` and `Integer`). Furthermore, they can be certain complex objects.
> 
> The possible complex objects include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input and output types of a function can be any of the `void`, `String`, `byte[]`, or primitive types and their wrappers (for example, `int` and `Integer`). They can also be certain complex objects, including the following:
```

Author: I've split these paragraphs like I did, because the first paragraph is supposed to be taken and used specially by Jupiter (for SEO or something). So I'll leave it like this.
